## Inspiration
We were inspired by the challenge given by **Beenox** - Create a full 2D game using low-level tech was something challenging that put us out of our comfort zone.

## What it does
It is a **RPG** where the player controls a soldier that needs to survive in an apocalyptic world full of zombies. It includes different types of zombie due to the different mutations of the _NecroVirus-X_.

## How we built it
We used **C++** with the **SDL library** to create an interactive 2D game. **GitHub** and **VS Code** was used for the development as a team, and we used **Trello & Discord** for communication and project management.

## Challenges we ran into
- Setting up the computers of everyone, as we had _Windows, MacOS, and Linux laptops_.
- _Merge conflict_: Due to the fact that everyone works at the same time, some pull requests caused some problems that slowed down the development process.

## Accomplishments that we're proud of
- Build a full game with little to no experience.
- Make everything from scratch, including the **physics**.

## What we learned
- _C++_: Low-level programming language
- _SDL_: Simple DirectMedia Layer
- _Working with new people_: Being able to be efficient as a team even if we don't all know each other prior to the competition.

## What's next for Deadly Byte
- _Map improvement_: We can create different levels with autogenerated maps to make the game more diversified and intersting for the players.
- _Animations_: We can add some life to the characters by creating different frames to simulate the movement. We can also take advantage of the parallax effect to make it seems like the background have some depth.
